DEVDOCS-3353 Clarify Single Carrier vs Multi Carrier on the Shipping Provider API documentation (#1355)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/store-management/shipping/shipping-provider-api.md

- Third-party logistics
- Create a combination of in-store pickup and shipping options for shoppers

> This article is a guide to developing an app that will make your shipping rates available to merchants and shoppers on demand.

Author: I'm going to keep this for now, pending some team convos/work about types of content.

### Prerequisites

* Required [OAuth](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/getting-started/authentication/rest-api-authentication#oauth-scopes) scopes: `Information and Settings`
* BigCommerce [single-click app](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/apps/guide/types#single-click)

## Shipping app overview

<!--
    title: ### Carrier Service API

    data: //s3.amazonaws.com/user-content.stoplight.io/6012/1552664566834
-->

### Carrier Service API

![### Carrier Service API
](//s3.amazonaws.com/user-content.stoplight.io/6012/1552664566834 "### Carrier Service API
")

> ### Single-carrier vs multi-carrier apps

Author: done.  pending push.

> Only one registered shipping carrier can be associated with an app. This [registered carrier](#definitions) can provide quotes from multiple downstream carriers. 

Author: done, pending push.

> BigCommerce makes a distinction between single-carrier and multi-carrier shipping providers, but because only one registered shipping carrier can be associated with an app, the primary difference that this distinction makes is in how the quote displays in the customer's cart at checkout.  If your app is registered as a single carrier, the name of the carrier providing the quote will appear beside the name of the shipping quote in the customer's list of shipping rate options. The carrier name will not appear in quotes from multi-carrier apps. The following images illustrate the difference:

Reviewer: Run-on sentence

Author: technically all those clauses are in proper relationships with each other, but I take your point that this is wordy.  revised.

> BigCommerce makes a distinction between single-carrier and multi-carrier shipping providers. The primary difference that this distinction makes is in how the quote displays in the customer's cart at checkout. If your app is registered as a single carrier, the name of the carrier providing the quote will appear beside the name of the shipping quote in the customer's list of shipping rate options. The carrier name will not appear in quotes from multi-carrier apps. The following images illustrate the difference:

Author: done, pending push

<!--
    title: #### Single-Carrier Quote Example

    data: //raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/shipping-provider-single-carrier-ui.png
-->

> #### Single-Carrier Quote Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Single-carrier quote example

```

Author: done.  pending push.

> #### Single-Carrier Quote Example

Author: changed to bold, sentence case, to conform with code block headings.  not sure how this will shake out re SFMD.

> ![#### Single-Carrier Quote Example](//raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/shipping-provider-single-carrier-ui.png "#### Single-Carrier Quote Example

Author: URLs changed to absolute.  don't have GCP bucket access AFAIK.

> ![#### Single-Carrier Quote Example](//raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/shipping-provider-single-carrier-ui.png "#### Single-Carrier Quote Example

Author: done.  pending push.

")

<!--
    title: #### Multi-Carrier Quote Example

    data: //raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/shipping-provider-multi-carrier-ui.png
-->

> #### Multi-Carrier Quote Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Multi-carrier quote example

```
If these are to be headings, use sentence case.

Author: done.  pending push.

![#### Multi-Carrier Quote Example](//raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/shipping-provider-multi-carrier-ui.png "#### Multi-Carrier Quote Example
")

## Sign up

> When your app is complete, it will be listed in our Carrier Registry, so that your shipping rates are available for merchants and shopper to use.  Register your app and get a carrier ID to get started.

Reviewer 3: "shopper" should be plural

Author: fixed, thanks.

> When your app is complete, it will be listed in our Carrier Registry, so that your shipping rates are available for merchants and shoppers to use. Register your app and get a carrier ID to get started.

Reviewer 2: Any way to confirm whether "Carrier Registry" is a proper noun? Seems odd.

Author: it is odd.  done.  pending push.

### Register your app

We need your app ID to generate a carrier ID for your shipping service. To get your app ID, [create a draft app](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/apps/guide/development#registering-a-draft-app) in [Developer Tools](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/), and fill in the information requested on the [Step 3: Technical tab](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/apps/guide/publishing#add-technical-information). After you save the app, the developer tools control panel will navigate to a URL that includes your app's unique ID. 

> ![#### App ID](//s3.amazonaws.com/user-content.stoplight.io/6012/1552664114224 "#### App ID")

Author: MD headings removed from alt text & caption.  changed image path to absolute.

### Request a carrier ID

To get your app set up and request a carrier ID, send an email to
<a href="mailto:shippingproviderapi@bigcommerce.com">shippingproviderapi@bigcommerce.com</a>.

Please include the following information:

- Your name
- Your partner ID

> - Your app's ID (see the following)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Your app's ID

```
The instructions no longer follow this section

Author: done.  pending push.

- Your email
- A description of the app
- [Your service URLs](#your-service-urls) 
- [Whether you prefer single-carrier or multi-carrier status](#single-carrier-vs-multi-carrier-apps)

## Before development

> BigCommerce will send requests to your server to get information back about shipping quotes, credential validation, and configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BigCommerce sends requests to your server to get information back about shipping quotes, credential validation, and configuration.

```

Author: revised and added to.  this sentence is a propos of nothing.  I added some transitional language.

> Since BigCommerce will be sending requests, you will need to provide BigCommerce with URLs that can accept quote requests and optionally a URL to check and validate connection options during app registration. These can be any valid HTTPS URL using port `443`, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because BigCommerce sends requests, you need to provide BigCommerce with URLs that accept quote requests and, optionally, a URL to check and validate connection options during app registration. These can be any valid HTTPS URL using port `443`, for example:

```

Author: better than what was there.  adopted & revised further.

Response:

> ```jsonc

Author: done.  pending push.

<!--
title: "Sample Request with Empty Object"

> subtitle: "POST https://<yourserver.com>/shipping/carrier/connection"

Author: done.  pending push.

lineNumbers: true
-->

> **Example request with empty object**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Example request with an empty object**

```

Author: done. pending push.

- `permission_set` on the metafield must be `read` or `write`
- `namespace` on the metafield must match this format: `shipping_carrier_carrier_id` (example: `shipping_carrier_72`)

The carrier registration process described in the [sign up](#sign-up) section provides the `carrier_id`.

For more information on product and variant metafields, see:

> 

Reviewer: API reference link returns a blank page

Author: fixed.  all developer.bigcommerce.com links reviewed & revised in current version.
